docs: Troubleshooting Module Federation (#3782)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/concepts/module-federation.md

### Components library as container

Many applications share a common components library which could be built as a container with each component exposed. Each application consumes components from the components library container. Changes to the components library can be separately deployed without the need to re-deploy all applications. The application automatically uses the up-to-date version of the components library.

## Troubleshooting

> `Uncaught Error: Shared module is not available for eager consumption` <br/> The application is eagerly executing an app which is operating as an omnidirectional host. There are options to choose from: <br> You can set the dependency as eager inside the advanced API of Module Federation, which doesn’t put the modules in an async chunk, but provides them synchronously.<br>This allows us to use these shared modules in the initial chunk. But be careful as all provided and fallback modules will always be downloaded. <br> It’s wise to provide it only at one point of your app, e.g. the shell.

Reviewer: Please remove `<br />` its not common in this repo, use new lines for spacing

> `Uncaught Error: Shared module is not available for eager consumption` <br/> The application is eagerly executing an app which is operating as an omnidirectional host. There are options to choose from: <br> You can set the dependency as eager inside the advanced API of Module Federation, which doesn’t put the modules in an async chunk, but provides them synchronously.<br>This allows us to use these shared modules in the initial chunk. But be careful as all provided and fallback modules will always be downloaded. <br> It’s wise to provide it only at one point of your app, e.g. the shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Uncaught Error: Shared module is not available for eager consumption`: The application is eagerly executing another application which is operating as an omnidirectional host. You can set the dependency as eager inside the advanced API of the Module Federation which will provide it synchronously and wont put it into an asynchronous chunk. This allows us to use these shared modules in the initial chunk. 

W> All provided and fallback modules will always be downloaded. It is recommended to provide it only at one point of your application, e.g. in the shell.
```

> 

Reviewer: probably 1 is enough?

> We strongly recommend using an async boundary. Doing so will not create any additional round trips, it’s also more performant in general as initialization code is split out of a larger chunk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend using an asynchronous boundary. It will split out the initialization code of a larger chunk to avoid any additional round trips and improve performance in general.
```

> `ìmport('./bootstrap')`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`import('./bootstrap')`
```

> Create a `bootstrap.js` file, and move the original contents of the entry point code into that file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `bootstrap.js` file and move the original contents of the entry point code into it.
```

> ```js
> //index.js
> import('./bootstrap');
> //bootstrap.js
> import React from 'react';
> import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
> import App from './App';
> ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.getElementById('root'));
> ```

Reviewer: Need to split them into common webpack docs example file format, please change the closing ticks as suggestion isnt final
```suggestion
__index.js__

```js
import('./bootstrap');
\`\`\`

__bootstrap.js__

```js
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import App from './App';
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.getElementById('root'));
\`\`\`
```

> Methods mentioned above work, but can have some limits or drawbacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Method mentioned above works, but can have limitations or drawbacks.
```

> ```js

Reviewer: If this for configuration, can use common format of prefixing code snippet with `__webpack.config.js__`

Author: yep saw this in other docs and adjusted

Reviewer: Its still lacking the file name before the example unlike the ones above which now have this.

new ModuleFederationPlugin({
  shared: {
    ...deps,
    react: {
      eager: true,
    }
  }
});
```

> `bundle-loader` can be used as an alternative to setting dependencies as "eager". This method is less performant as it will introduce additional round trips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bundle-loader` can be used as an alternative to setting dependencies as `'eager'`. This method is less performant as it will introduce additional round trips.
```

> ```js

Reviewer: If this for configuration, can use common format of prefixing code snippet with __webpack.config.js__

const config = {
  entry: 'bundle-loader!./bootstrap.js'
};
```

> Or you can set via module rules: [See Full Example](https://github.com/module-federation/module-federation-examples/blob/master/basic-host-remote/app1/webpack.config.js)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you can set it via module rules: [See Full Example](https://github.com/module-federation/module-federation-examples/blob/master/basic-host-remote/app1/webpack.config.js)
```

> ```js

Reviewer: If this for configuration, can use common format of prefixing code snippet with __webpack.config.js__

const config = {
  module: {
    rules: [
      {
        test: /bootstrap\.js$/,
        loader: 'bundle-loader',
        options: {
          lazy: true,
        },
      },
    ]
  }
};
```

Then change the entry point to look like this.

> Create a `bootstrap.js` file, and move the original contents of the entry point code into that file.

Reviewer: This doesnt sound right.

"Then change X to look like this. (expecting example, get new sentence instead) Create a file..."

> ```js

Reviewer: please split into multi-file example as mentioned above in the first similar example

//index.js
import bootstrap from './bootstrap';
bootstrap();
//bootstrap.js
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import App from './App';
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.getElementById('root'));
```

> `Uncaught Error: Module “./Button” does not exist in container.` <br> It likely does not say button, but the error message will look similar. <br> This issue is typically seen if you are upgrading from beta.16 to beta.17 <br> Within ModuleFederationPlugin. Change the exposes from:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Uncaught Error: Module "./Button" does not exist in container.`: where `"./Button"` is an example of missing module, but the error message will look similar. This issue is typically seen if you are upgrading from webpack 5.0.0-beta.16 to webpack 5.0.0-beta.17

To fix, within `ModuleFederationPlugin` change the `exposes` option like this:
```

> ```js
> new ModuleFederationPlugin({
>   exposes: {
>     'Button': './src/Button'
>   }
> });
> ```

Reviewer: Use `diff` for convenience
```suggestion
```diff
new ModuleFederationPlugin({
  exposes: {
-   'Button': './src/Button'
+   './Button':'./src/Button'
  }
});
```
```

> To this:
> 
> ```js
> new ModuleFederationPlugin({
>   exposes: {
>     './Button':'./src/Button'
>   }
> });
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `Uncaught TypeError: fn is not a function`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Uncaught TypeError: fn is not a function`: You are likely missing the remote container, make sure its added.

If you have the container loaded for the remote you are trying to consume, but still see this error, add the host’s remote container file to the HTML as well.
```

> You likely are missing the remote container, make sure its added.
> If you have the container loaded for the remote you are trying to consume, but still see this error, add the host’s remote container file to the HTML as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We strongly recommend using an async boundary. Doing so will not create any additional round trips, it’s also more performant in general as initialization code is split out of a larger chunk.
`ìmport('./bootstrap')`

Create a `bootstrap.js` file, and move the original contents of the entry point code into that file.

```js
//index.js
import('./bootstrap');
//bootstrap.js
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import App from './App';
ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.getElementById('root'));
```

Methods mentioned above work, but can have some limits or drawbacks.

```js
new ModuleFederationPlugin({
  shared: {
    ...deps,
    react: {
      eager: true,
    }
  }
});
```

> `bundle-loader` can be used as an alternative to setting dependencies as "eager". This method is less performant as it will introduce additional round trips.

Reviewer 2: In this way I don't see any benefit of using the bundle-loader instead of `import()`.

Isn't it possible to use `entry: "bundler-loader!./bootstrap.js"` and emit the `index.js` file and the rules config?

Author: same, but i do know that projects with TS, like angular, need a require() able method

Author: Added additional documentation to show the case you mentioned. Also linked to my repo where there's a full example

### Components library as container

Many applications share a common components library which could be built as a container with each component exposed. Each application consumes components from the components library container. Changes to the components library can be separately deployed without the need to re-deploy all applications. The application automatically uses the up-to-date version of the components library.

## Troubleshooting

`Uncaught Error: Shared module is not available for eager consumption`

> The application is eagerly executing an app which is operating as an omnidirectional host. There are options to choose from:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application is eagerly executing an application which is operating as an omnidirectional host. There are options to choose from:
```

You can set the dependency as eager inside the advanced API of Module Federation, which doesn’t put the modules in an async chunk, but provides them synchronously.

This allows us to use these shared modules in the initial chunk. But be careful as all provided and fallback modules will always be downloaded.

> It’s wise to provide it only at one point of your app, e.g. the shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It’s wise to provide it only at one point of your application, e.g. the shell.
```

We strongly recommend using an asynchronous boundary. It will split out the initialization code of a larger chunk to avoid any additional round trips and improve performance in general.

> `import('./bootstrap')`

Reviewer: is this something to delete? seems out of context
```suggestion
```
